what do you usually have for dinner I
like cooking I never go out why it never
tastes as good as making it yourself
what do you make I sometimes make
spaghetti I often make a vegetable dish
or a salad don't you ever go out for
special occasions like your birthday no
I always cook at home how do you pay
your bills I almost always pay by cash
why it's more convenient do you buy
anything with checks I hardly ever use
checks many places don't normally accept
them do you use a credit card I rarely
use credit cards I only use them to buy
expensive things I don't usually do that
my sister hates doing chores at home so
she hasn't made does her maid go to her
house regularly the maid goes over on
Mondays and Thursdays does she often
wash her own clothes or does the maid do
it I'm not sure does the maid often cook
for her - no my sister loves to cook she
always does all of her own cooking do
you go shopping at the mall a couple of
times a month no not really I go about
once a month actually oh I go much more
often than that
well how often do you go
I go a couple of times a week what store
do you go to mostly I go to Robinson's
most often do you go exercise weekly I
exercise now and then but not that often
what's your favorite restaurant I love
Luigi's Italian restaurant really I
never go there I don't usually go to
Italian restaurants
you don't like Italian food right no I
love it but my wife makes great Italian
food
I do have Japanese food when I eat out
do you have it often no I don't have it
very often why hmm
my wife hates it so I don't eat it
Japanese restaurants very often what do
you usually order usually I get sushi
when was the last time you just stayed
home Oh last week or so how often do you
relax at home I usually do it about four
or five nights a month do you normally
watch TV or listen to the radio I
usually rent a video or hang out do you
ever surf the internet most of the time
I do that at work
oh hi Bob what are you doing yelling I'm
sweeping the floors and cleaning the
house do you clean the house often about
once a week my husband helps me I'm
lucky my roommate cleans the house but I
have to take care of the garden how what
do you do in the garden I mostly cut the
grass and water the plants I do it about
three times a week I really like it
hey let's go out tonight we never go out
you're right we always eat at home where
shall we go whenever we go out we always
go to an Italian restaurant let's go to
a Chinese restaurant tonight
sounds good how often do you go to see a
movie mmm not very often but my brother
always goes how often does he go he goes
about once a week wow that's a lot do
you go often I go about once a month
that's not bad
who does the housework at your home my
wife and I split it we do it every
Sunday you are lucky my roommate is lazy
he never does it do you always do all of
it yeah I washed the floor and windows
every Saturday what else do you do i
vacuumed and clean the bathroom every
two weeks maybe you should have a talk
with your roommate hey Larry how's your
vacation going it's going great
but believe it or not it's making me
tired why is your vacation making you
tired because jennifer and I are dancing
every night until 2:00 or 3:00 a.m.
that's crazy
what are you dancing so much but the
people here are so friendly they're
inviting us out every night it's
impossible to say no what are you seeing
any of the sights
yep we're a sight seeing every morning
sounds like you're having fun we're
having a great time I don't ever want to
go home are you and the kids enjoying
the trip to America you bet it is very
relaxing what are you doing there we're
visiting Disneyland every day what is
going on right now right now we are
visiting some relatives who live here Oh
am i disturbing you
no no not at all it's amazing that we
can use cell phones to call another
country you know I was thinking the same
thing what are you guys doing in Valley
these days we're shopping and spending
lots of money what's going on back home
uh it's exam time I'm studying all day
so I don't
have much free time oh so sad too bad
what else are you doing there besides
shopping eating we're eating way too
much every day the food here is
wonderful
are you eating at the hotel oh no we're
trying a new restaurant every meal where
are you staying the Holiday Inn it's
great it's on a ski resort ah are you
enjoying your ski holiday it's not a ski
holiday there's no snow it's the
offseason what are you doing we're
renting a car
I hate package tours so I'm taking the
family up to the mountains well I hope
you've packed warm clothes it's probably
cold up there hey I hear you're staying
in New York now yes it's true
I'm staying in New York what are you
doing there I'm working I'm interviewing
tourists all day every day
why are you doing that some market
research project my company is doing are
you enjoying the city not really this
project is keeping me too busy to go out
and have fun sorry to hear that
am i interrupting you right now actually
yes I'm writing a report now oh okay
well I'll call you later then bye bye
take care thanks for calling hi Sarah
you look busy what are you doing oh I am
busy
look at me I'm typing an email making a
phone call hello and planning my
vacation you're doing all that at the
same time wow you are good
Thanks
where are you going I'm thirsty I'm
going downstairs to get a drink would
you like one
no thanks somebody's phone is ringing oh
it's Michelle's she's not here she's
meeting with the customer can you answer
that you're sitting closer to the phone
hello hello Michelle no she's busy at
the moment I'm taking messages while
she's out this is Emma Muir I am calling
from Switzerland could you have Michelle
call me back okay I'll do that mr. Muir
how is your weekend getaway it's great
we are having a wonderful time
what are you guys doing there we are
golfing in the morning swimming in the
afternoon and dancing at night it sounds
like you're relaxing a lot yes we are
enjoying ourselves it's great okay well
have to go now take care
take care
how is your son doing in Switzerland
this summer he called and told me he
loves it
what is he doing there again he's
studying Hotel Management oh that's
right
he said he's climbing mountains on the
weekends with his new friends oh well
I'm glad he's having fun why don't you
come over this weekend we're having a
barbecue I would love to but I am so
busy with work these days I can't make
it what's going on at work I'm busy
preparing a report for my boss I'm
working every night until about midnight
and I'm also working on Saturdays are
you working on Sundays no but I need to
wash my clothes shop and do my housework
on Sundays hey Chris show me how to use
the new coffee maker oh well it's just
like the old one first scoop some ground
coffee into the coffee filter gotcha
second pour some water into the coffee
maker yeah what do I do next third press
this switch to turn the coffeemaker on
all right then what the water heats up
drips through the ground coffee and into
the coffee pot
hey can you show me how to use this new
microwave yeah well first you have to
put this in the microwave safe container
we can't use this kind of dish in the
microwave okay
and I want open the microwave put the
food in close the door and set the timer
for three minutes do I adjust this one
no it's already on medium it's fine
that's it yep
just wait it'll be done in a few more
minutes how do you make Chinese tea
you're kidding me you don't know how
though I really don't
well first you boil some water right
then what while you're waiting for the
water to boil put some tea leaves into a
tea pot yes and then and then pour the
boiling water into the tea pot wait a
few minutes before drinking that's it
yes can you explain to me how to cook
rice do you have a rice cooker no oh I
see first measure one cup of rice and
pour it into a pot yeah second you put
some water into the pot then pour it out
to get rid of the dirt yeah I got that
third measure out two cups of clean
water and pour it into the pot okay
what's next
fourth put a lid on the pot then heat up
the water
um fifth turn down the flame after the
water starts to boil that's it well
after you turn the flame low you have to
let the rice steam for about 15 minutes
oh thanks can you show me how to use
this new CD player sure to start choose
a CD that you like I know
then push the open button okay then you
put the disc into the tray yeah now
close it it's closed next pick up the
remote and punch in the song you want to
listen to after that what do I do
finally sit down and relax okay is that
it
that's it easy huh
yeah I'm just good talking to you too
okay I'll give you a call later yeah
talk to you later then
okay sure bye hey is this your mobile
phone yep it sure is
do you mind if I borrow it a moment sure
go ahead
how do you make it work well first you
have to unlock the keypad which buttons
do I have to press press and hold the
asterisk is this the asterisk no don't
press that button that's the pound
button what do I do next go ahead and
dial the number you want to call and
what's after that after you're finished
making the call push the red button
hey is that a fax machine can I use it
yes
how does it work first you have to have
a message you want to fax okay don't put
it in that way put it face up okay do I
push this button and don't push that
button dial the number you want to send
a fax to then press the start button to
send
what do I do when I'm finished nothing
just keep or throw away your message by
the way where did you send a fax to Hong
Kong
can you show me how to use this computer
how do you make it work okay first you
have to open the laptop slide the switch
oh okay what's after that next you push
the power on button this one no don't
touch that button push that one there ah
yes
excuse me how do you use this cordless
phone dial the number you want to call
do I have to turn on the phone first oh
yes first you have to turn on the phone
which button is the power button that
one there is no sound give me the phone
oh you can't use the phone now the
battery is dead
so how do you like our new office I'm a
bit confused where can I check my email
no you need to use this computer can I
use this computer to check my email this
afternoon
sure and where's the phone
that's where the secretary can you ask
her to bring it back in here I need to
use it here well I didn't have a chance
to see her last week but I think this
week we really try to get together yeah
oh can I talk to you later my friends
here okay bye
hey come in it's great to see you have a
seat Thanks
what a wonderful house you've got here
Thanks is there anything I can get you
no thanks
by the way can I use the bathroom sure
it's just down the hall Thanks
can I turn on the television I'm dying
to watch the football game go ahead the
remotes on the chair Thanks
how's the game great can we turn on the
air-conditioner it's really getting hot
here yeah I'll get it
thanks you have a really nice office Jim
thanks well just make yourself at home
and let's get started on this project
it's pretty dark here could I turn on
the light sure I'll get it for you could
I use your phone I want to call my
secretary it's right over there
thanks to the computer thanks by the way
Jim can I use the copy machine I have to
get these copied sure it's down the hall
on the left
great
how are things going with the computer I
have a few small problems oh yeah
what well the ink cartridge in this
printer is almost empty would it be
alright if we change it no problem oh
and another thing
would it be okay if I check my email I'm
expecting a message sure go ahead
hey did you know Tracie hunter is coming
to town tomorrow isn't that the girl you
used to like a lot I still do I'm going
to ask her out to dinner but I'm broke
oh can I borrow 50 bucks from you until
next Tuesday I'm sorry I don't have any
extra money this month you know how it
is can you drive me to my dad's house I
can borrow money from him I don't think
so
my car is broken and it won't be fixed
until Monday by the way my son is going
camping this weekend that's nice how is
he getting there he's catching a ride
with some friends would it be okay if he
borrowed your backpack yeah I guess so
great thanks do you have an extra tent
yes I do could he use your tent I guess
so
hey boss can I have this Friday off I'm
sorry that's not possible
you know this is a busy month for us
would it be okay if I work a half day on
Friday then all day on Saturday I
suppose that would be okay thanks can I
have a raise - a raise
you want a raise in your salary yes
please no way there will be no raise for
you Simpson can I have a Christmas bonus
yes you can have your Christmas bonus
just like every year
can I have my Christmas bonus now today
no now get back to work Simpson I'd like
the number for breakfast set okay
but I don't like sausage could I change
the sausage to bacon yes you can change
the sausage to bacon
Thanks can I change the toast to a
waffle I like waffles I'm sorry you
can't we don't have any waffles that's
okay
can I change the coffee to tea yes you
can change the coffee to tea hey Huayra
would it be okay if I come to your house
a little bit late sure what's wrong I
have to pick up my son before I go to
your place so I might be late
fine that's no problem Oh before I
forget can I have you bring your laptop
computer mine is not working we will
need to use a computer for the project
no problem
I'll bring it
how is your new car working out fine I
really love it good
would you mind if I use your old car
tomorrow evening where are you going to
the beach with my friends from college
yes I guess that will be fine when will
you be back before 10:00 okay for
question number one are you 26 if you
look at a person but you don't know how
old that person is you can ask are you
26 are you 30 are you 50 are you 30 if
that is true that person would say yes
that's right yes that's right or not
sure say no and then say your age
no I'm 30 no I'm 30 are you 26 yes
that's right no I'm 30 number two how
old is she you don't know that girl like
that girl's age and then you can ask
your friend how old is she
and your friend can say I guess she's
about 22 maybe your friends theirs and
know exactly how old she is and then he
can make a guess okay I guess that means
I think I guess she's about 22 I guess
she's about 22
when did you start studying English
when did you start studying English when
I was 11 you can say when I was 11 I
started studying English again when did
you start studying English when I was 11
I started studying English number four
when do you want to get married like
what is your plan for the future when
would when do you want to get married
when do you want to get
when I am or when I'm 30 I want to get
married
or you can say I want to get married
when I'm 30 I have four kitchens here
how are you
180 centimeters tour like you look at a
person and then you guess I may be like
he is 180 centimeters and then you can
ask him are you 180 centimeters tour am
i right
okay how tall are you like I want to
know like your measurement how tall are
you now I want to know your height are
you shorter than your sister
okay late you're your sister is taller
than you right or you are shorter than
your sister right
are you shorter than your sister who is
the tallest in your family okay a lot of
people but who is the tallest who is the
tallest in your family now let's see the
answers for number one are you 180
centimeters tall yes I am yes right or
no I'm not and then you can say your
height
I'm 175 centimeters tall yes I am
no I'm not I'm 175 centimeters tour
again are you 180 centimeters tall yes I
am or no I'm not I'm 175 centimeters
tall number two how tall are you
I'm about six feet if you are not sure
you can say I'm about six feet okay
are you shorter than your sister if that
is true you say yes I am or or no we're
about the same height that means like
for example like I'm six feet and she's
six feet too so we are about the same
height or we are at the same height okay
no we are about at the same height
so again are you shorter than your
sister yes I am or no we're about the
same heights who is their tallest in
your family I think that is the tallest
in my family maybe your dad your sister
your brother anyone okay I think that is
the tallest in my family but if you are
sure about that you will say definitely
that is the toilets in my family okay
but if you are not sure you can say I
think or I guess I think that is the top
that is the tallest in my family what
color is your son's here here what color
is your son's here is light brown okay
when I underlie the words here you can
change the words what color is your
mom's here or the color what color is
your boyfriend's here
what color is your daughter's here
anything and it's library you can change
the colors here okay it's light brown
again what color is your son's here it's
light brown number two is your sister's
here
curly is your sister okay you can change
and announce here and curly
you can change curly straight wavy or
maybe even you know the length is your
sister's here long is your sister's here
sugar Lane
something like that okay so is your
sister's here curly yes if you want to
add more you can say very curly yes very
coolly and no you can add some even some
more information like she has straight
hair okay no she tutors in half curl
sorry no shooters in have curly has she
has straight hair
okay no no she has straight hair is her
sister's hair curly yes very curly no
she has straight hair okay
now number three do you like to wear
your hair long we're here doesn't mean
like you wear clothes or something like
that when you're just like you want your
hair to be low or to be short something
like that you want to let your hair in
that way so do you like to wear your
hair long yes some information I love
long hair yes I love long hair or no I
like to wear it really short that means
I don't like long hair I like short hair
I want to have short hair now do you
like to wear your hair long yes I love
long hair no I like to wear it really
short number four for example when you
go to the publisher or the hairdresser's
and then the their hairdresser or the
buffer will ask you what hair style do
you want okay what hairstyle do you want
and then you will insert the hairstyle
that you want to have and you can use
the pattern here to make it very very
clear about what color do you want what
shape you want and what and the long the
length that you want okay so I want to
have usually I want to you will say I
wanna I wanna have short curly hair I
want to have short curly hair that means
very short ear very curly or you can act
the color of the hair I want to have
short curly black hair okay or any hair
is kind of hairs here you can change
okay so again what hairstyle do you want
I want to have short curly here okay so
that's all for today I hope it is useful
for you so goodbye see you next time